I didn't expect you to have this strength
It's so hidden
It's a pity that you still have no chance of winning
defeated general
Where do you get your confidence from?
Jiu Ge
Are you okay?
I implement
It was scary.
The temple is back
Set off a bloodbath
I'm just one of the nine messengers of the temple
On top of this, there are three guardians and six commanders
You want to make an enemy of the temple
It's just a beautiful light competing with the bright moon
The temple is really amazing
It is worthy of being the number one in the global rankings.
Oh, dear.
So it seems that we don't have to be afraid, hahahaha.
Do you see it?
The temple can clean you up with the flick of a finger
Come on, you're not trying to suppress me
Aren't you going to deprive me of my inheritance?
Come on, why don't you dare? Hahaha.